[CROWD indistinct chatter]
Ah! I had no idea
there'd be so much for us to do!
-Oh!
-Wow,
I've never seen anything
this elaborate before.
I've only ever been
to the smaller shrines.
Look, they've got
a shooting game!
We have to try it out!
Ah!
Agh, I'm so sorry!
I guess I got carried away.
Don't worry about it!
No harm done.
[SHIORI]
Uh!
I can't believe I made a fuss
over nothing.
I bet he thinks
I'm super childish.
[SHINOZAKI] I thought
only kids could get that excited
over games.
[crying]
Hm? Think she lost her mom?
Why don't we ask her?
[SHIORI]
What's the matter?
Where are your parents?
[GIRL 7A]
[crying] I dunno.
Oh, dear. You've been
very brave so far.
I promise I'll stay with you
until you're back safe
and sound.
Ah!?
[chuckles]
♪
Looks like she got separated
from her parents.
I didn't know
you were so great with children.
Well, of course! I'm an adult.
It's only natural.
I think I saw a station
for lost kids
at the reception desk.
[SHINOZAKI]
Right. Let's go.
[AKINA]
Are you seeing this, Yutaka?
[YUTAKA]
I am.
Don't they look just like young
parents out with their baby?
Beautiful.
Truly, a sight to behold.
My cute little sister out
with my cute niece.
Could you reign in
your imaginations, please?
[SHIORI]
The year has officially started.
-[SHINOZAKI] Good morning!
-Ah?
I'm excited to be starting this
new year with you, Senpai!
-[SHIORI laughs]
-Ah?
Hearing you call me Senpai
puts me right back
into the productive spirit.
[SHINOZAKI] If you want,
I'll call you Senpai
whenever you like!
It's weird though. It feels like
New Year's just flew by.
Well, if you recall,
you were still a student
last year. That's probably why.
[SHIORI]
Hold on, something is weird.
[SHINOZAKI]
Hm?
[SHIORI]
This isn't the normal angle
that I see when I look up
at Shinozaki.
Ah!
[SHINOZAKI]
Mmm?
[SHIORI]
From the day we first met,
my head has only ever come up
to around here on him,
but today
it's all the way up here.
Why is that? Could it be?
Have I had a sudden,
late onset growth spurt?
Hey, Shinozaki.
What's up?
♪
[SHIORI] There's something
different about me today
and I'm curious if you noticed.
You want to guess? [exhales]
[SHINOZAKI] I don't see anything
that different about her.
I'm pretty sure
she hasn't worn that outfit
to the office before,
but I doubt she'd have asked me
to guess
if it was something
that obvious.
Conventional wisdom says
to check the nails first.
But I don't see any changes
there either.
Mmm?
Have you figured it out yet?
♪
[SHINOZAKI]
Ah! What's this scent?
Wait, that's it!
You switched out
your shampoo, right?
[SHIORI]
Huh?
Yes,
but that's not the different
thing that I meant!
Ahh!
[SHINOZAKI]
Now she probably thinks
I'm a perv
for noticing her shampoo!
Wow, really?
So you've been smelling my hair
enough to know my shampoo?
[SHINOZAKI]
It's not like that, Senpai!
The scent just wafts
over sometimes, I promise!
-[SHIORI] Ah!
-[SHINOZAKI] Hm!
[SHIORI] I didn't realize
my shampoo was that noticeable.
It looks like he's really having
a hard time with this.
I should give him a push
in the right direction.
-Okay, here's a hint.
-Ah?
It's not just one part of me
that's different,
but it's something
about my whole body.
Your whole body?
[SHINOZAKI]
As in her entire whole body?
Hm! Ah?
I just told my kohai
to pay an inappropriate amount
of attention to my figure!
I didn't know you were
into stuff like that, Senpai.
[SHIORI] He's gonna think
I'm a big pervert
for asking him to ogle me!
[BOTH whimpering]
Could you possibly
give me another hint?
Yes, of course I can.
There's a big difference
in our sizes,
so that's what
you should be focusing on.
And I can't say anything more!
[SHINOZAKI]
It's a size difference?
The size of what though?
Is she saying that
they've gotten even bigger?
Get it yet?
[SHINOZAKI] There is no reality
where that's the answer!
I can't. Sorry, I give up.
Hm?
Very well. I'll just tell you.
The truth is.
Check it out! I've gotten
a bit taller. Look, see!
Hm. So that's what it was.
Well, you do seem taller.
Oh, that explains it.
I guess, those boots do have
a bit of a heel, don't they?
Ah!
My boots. I'm wearing my boots.
I'm just gonna sit here
for an eternity.
Ahh! Maybe you're taller
in a less obvious way!
Thanks but you don't need
to humor me.
Really? You sure?
I was gonna reach
so many shelves. No fair.
[ISHIYAMA]
Hey, Shinozaki!
Yes, sir?
[ISHIYAMA]
I know it's sudden,
but could you be a pal and take
care of something for me,
please?
Depends. The thing is,
Katase is in charge of what work
I get assigned
so you really
should be asking her.
It's not work, it's a favor.
And didn't a wise man once say,
"Do everything
while you're still young?!"
Then no.
Pretty please?
[SHINOZAKI] I told you
I'm not the one to ask!
[SHIORI]
Unfortunately for you,
we avoid taking on other
departments' busy work here.
Now
please stop pestering my kohai!
We were just chatting!
Hey, Senpai.
Say, aren't you supposed
to be in a meeting?
[SHIORI]
I see.
So you're just here
because you assumed
that I wouldn't be around?
See you later, Shinozaki!
[running footsteps]
That Ishiyama never changes,
does he?
-He's a character.
-[computer chimes]
Oh. He emailed me.
[ISHIYAMA]
Wanna do it in secret?
It's still no.
Ahh!
-Bad Ishiyama! Bad! Bad! Bad!
-Ahhh!
Would you please stop trying
to assign work
to my subordinates
behind my back!
What else am I supposed to do
if you won't pass it along?
I never said
I wouldn't help instead!
Huh?
If you need something,
don't ask my people.
Come to me,
so we can do things properly.
Ah!
Fowreal?
In that case,
we have things to talk about!
-Nice going, Katase.
-[SHIORI] Okay. Let's see.
She's quite the reliable senpai!
[SHIORI]
That's fine.
-I'll need to adjust...
-[SHINOZAKI] Yeah.
...the schedule,
but can do.
[ISHIYAMA] You just saved
my life! Thank you!
[SHINOZAKI] Hey, Senpai,
what does your fortune say?
[SHIORI]
[chuckles] It's a secret.
That's right, kitty.
It's time for more
My Tiny Senpai.
Ah?
[HAYAKAWA] I'm still not used
to being at work this late.
Mm. [sighs]
Whatchadoin'?
Ahhh!
[HAYAKAWA]
Sometimes my boss just appears.
-I never see it coming.
-[AKINA giggling]
Could you not scare me half
to death
by popping into existence
like that?
How rude of me!
I was just curious why you
were working so late, huh?
Was today that busy for you?
Not at first.
Pretty please?
It was Ishiyama in PR. He asked
me to get this done by tomorrow.
[AKINA] And did he get approval
from your supervisor
for said help?
-[sighs]
-[whispers] Well, Hayakawa?
I know! You try saying no
to that face!
He approached me right
at the end of the day.
He said since
it was so last minute,
he couldn't ask anybody else.
Maybe so, but you shouldn't take
on assignments yourself.
Especially since
you're still new here.
Yeah.
It's just, I figured
I could do it in secret.
[AKINA]
Doesn't matter.
It's not your work
and he shouldn't be taking
advantage of your kindness.
[chuckles]
Mm, ah!
Don't forget it's a terrible
thing to do to your manager too,
don't you think? [chuckles]
[gasps] You're absolutely right.
And I'll be giving him a talking
to about it tomorrow.
I'm sorry
to have caused you trouble.
He's the one causing trouble.
-[HAYAKAWA] Thank you.
-Ah!
♪
I do appreciate it.
Oh, dear!
Please don't cry!
I'm just doing my job, really!
-No cry! No more cry!
-I'm sorry.
I guess it just makes me
really happy
to know I have someone looking
out for me at work.
It's such a relief,
I got overwhelmed.
Excuse me a second.
Here.
Wow, thank you for the tea.
-[HAYAKAWA stomach growls]
-Oh!
Have you not had dinner yet?
I was gonna eat
when I finished working.
[AKINA] How much longer
do you think you'll be?
Oh, I'm done.
I just need to submit it.
Perfect! If you're up for it,
we can go grab something to eat
before you head home then!
Oh! You sure?
Consider it a reward
for being such a hard worker.
Ah!
-[AKINA giggles]
-[HAYAKAWA] Seriously,
how can he say that kinda stuff
with a straight face?
[gasps] The place looked
so modern outside.
I wasn't expecting this.
[AKINA] It's quite the surprise,
isn't it?
It's the kinda view
you can get lost in.
[gasps]
[HAYAKAWA]
Why did he just sit next to me
like it was the most
normal thing?
What's going on? Is he pulling
some kind of move on me?
[AKINA laughs]
[HAYAKAWA]
[chuckles] Non-alcoholic drinks!
I am definitely coming back here
so I can try them all.
I'm glad you like it.
I noticed you rarely drink
at office parties.
So I thought you would
appreciate the menu here.
[HAYAKAWA] Is he trying
to be the perfect man?
So how many women at the office
have asked you out?
Not very many, honestly.
[HAYAKAWA] At the very least,
it's happened twice then.
Hey, Manager? Why don't you
talk about your love life?
[sighs] Because nobody
wanted to know about it.
Hm.
If I asked you...
would you be okay
talking about it?
You want to know?
Mm.
Wait, I didn't mean it
like that!
Didn't mean it how?
[HAYAKAWA] How can he be
so smart yet so oblivious?
There's not much to tell.
When I was a kid,
I never really got how you
were supposed to feel
if you liked someone.
I tried dating all through
school and a bit in college.
But in the end,
that feeling wasn't something
I ever figured out.
But I'm okay with it.
I think romance isn't
in the cards for me, as it were.
[HAYAKAWA]
So that's why you care so much.
Well, the thing is.
Mm.
Nothing in the world brings me
more joy
than cheering on
someone else's love life.
♪
Enough of me.
Now what's your story,
-huh?
-What? Not me, I'm boring!
That face makes
it hard to believe you!
[YUTAKA]
Ah-ha.
I thought I recognized
the voices over here.
[HAYAKAWA]
Yutaka!
Is your office around here too?
Yes. In the opposite direction
of the station from this area.
Some co-workers brought me
this way.
However,
I am not one for big groups.
I absconded
at the first chance I had.
But now I find myself
very lonely.
[AKINA, HAYAKAWA]
That tracks.
Given my current state, would it
be all right for me to join you?
[AKINA]
Absolutely!
Please pardon the intrusion.
Huh?
-Now gimme Shiorin pics!
-[HAYAKAWA] Come on,
there's no reason
to be anxious about anything!
That seat is no different
than any of the others
she could've taken.
-Nary a one.
-[HAYAKAWA] No different.
[YUTAKA]
That's not normal.
Ah!
I think I'll sit here now.
Just sit across from me
like a normal person!
I'm good.
Those eyes told me
that I should sit here.
Whose eyes were those eyes?
Why, yours, of course.
-My eyes said nothing!
-They disagree.
[AKINA]
Idea!
So, it's true. She didn't want
to sit next to me after all.
I wouldn't be so sure.
You really mean that, Yutaka?
Don't worry,
I can sit across from you.
Well, I think you should stay
where you were.
No, please.
The spot is all yours.
No, you sit.
[HAYAKAWA]
Whatcha guys doin' over there?
-No, you!
-Hayakawa?
Hey, Chika.
[BOTH] If I'm in the way,
I can head on home.
Ah!
You two can sit right where you
are for the rest of the night!
[BOTH]
'kay.
[HAYAKAWA]
Unbelievable.
[YUTAKA] Chika, you're really
knocking them back!
-You're a big drinker!
-[AKINA laughs]
[HAYAKAWA]
It's non-alcoholic!
[YUTAKA]
Then why are you so red?
-[AKINA] Oh, my! [laughs]
-[HAYAKAWA] Would you shut up?
[groans]
[SHINOZAKI]
Why does my body feel so heavy?
Is this sleep paralysis?
Li'l brother, gimme
all your Shiorin pics now.
Begone, sleep demon!
Don't you have anything
better to do
than break into my apartment
and wake me up on my day off?
Also, you want pics?
Correct. Shiorin's fluffiness
won't leave my mind.
And I need some pictures
so that I can air-fluff her
at any moment!
[SHINOZAKI]
That's not a good reason.
And do I want to know what
you're doing with your hands?
[YUTAKA]
I'm air-fluffing.
-Yes. I approve of this.
-[SHINOZAKI] Oh, that.
Anyway, even if I wanted
to help you out,
I don't have any pictures.
Then get some.
You'd be a lot better off
asking Hayakawa.
Your manager suggested
that I ask you.
Since when are you
on texting terms with my boss?
[SHINOZAKI]
You're right, though.
We could, um, try them on.
I was just thinking we could
send each other pictures,
in the loungewear, I mean!
[SHINOZAKI]
I forgot,
we never did end up
exchanging photos of ourselves
in those outfits we got.
And I can't deny
I'd like to see that.
-Yoink!
-There, sent the message!
Ahh! What'd you say to her?
[cellphone chimes]
Message from Shinozaki?
[SHIORI] "I always miss you
during the weekend.
Could you please send me
a picture
so I can see you
whenever I want?"
Where did this come
from all of a sudden?
Could this be a dream?
There's no way
I'm awake right now!
Ah!
I-I should take a bath first.
Give that back to me or else!
Okay.
-[YUTAKA panting]
-I think I can still save this!
Crap! It says that
she read it already!
Yay!
Please ignore that message,
Senpai.
That was my sister, I promise!
-[cellphone chimes]
-[sighs]
Huh?
His sister sent it?
That makes sense.
Mm?
[cellphone chimes]
She just answered!
[SHIORI]
You sure you don't want one?
[embarrassed laugh]
Go for it!
-[AKINA] Yeah!
-You two stay out of it!
[SHIORI]
Hm!
Can't believe I said that.
If he says yes, it would be rude
of me not to send one now.
Ah!
[cellphone camera
shutter clicks]
[SHIORI] Hm.
Sending a picture to Shinozaki.
Wait, this is weird.
All of a sudden,
I'm feeling super embarrassed!
I mean, sending another person
a selfie like this.
Who even does that
unless you're already
an official couple and stuff?
[cellphone buzzes]
[SHIORI]
Ah! "Senpai, I'm sorry."
-He's gonna ask for one!
-[cellphone buzzes]
"I'm busy,
so I'll be back later!"
How do I describe this emotion?
It's like relief and frustration
at the same time!
[sighs]
I want you to apologize
to Senpai for what you did.
Consider it done!
[cellphone chimes]
It's another message
from his sister.
[YUTAKA]
Shiorin. Sorry about earlier.
Allow me to make amends.
-Huh?
-[cellphone chimes]
[YUTAKA]
A sleeping pic.
[SHIORI]
Hm?
[YUTAKA]
Having some boba.
[SHIORI]
Ah!
[YUTAKA]
Here's him with a cat.
[SHIORI]
Oh!
[YUTAKA] Here he is running.
Eating sushi.
Stretching.
[SHIORI]
She's totally spamming me
with pictures of Shinozaki!
[YUTAKA]
Here's one of him bathing.
[SHIORI]
Wait! Not that one!
If he's in the bath then doesn't
that mean he's, n-naked?
Oh.
[YUTAKA]
Age 3.
All right, that's it, the baby
pictures were a bridge too far!
[SHINOZAKI]
[sighs] Man, that was awful.
The worst part is, Senpai
never texted me back.
-[SHIORI] Shinozaki?
-Hm?
Good morning. I hope
you're ready for an awesome day!
Oh, good morning to you, Senpai.
Didn't see you there!
By the way, sorry for
what my sister did yesterday.
It's all right.
[SHINOZAKI] So, um, about that
picture you mentioned.
Huh?
If it isn't too much trouble,
I would be happy to receive one!
Ah?
[SHINOZAKI]
I said it! I really said it!
There's no turning back now!
Hm?
[whimpers]
Um...
To tell you the truth,
there's something kind
of embarrassing
about taking a picture
of yourself.
[SHINOZAKI]
Ah-ah. She's changing her mind?
Did I freak her out somehow?
-[SHIORI] That's why...
-Ah!
...I'd much rather
we take one together!
Huh?
Like just the two of us?
That's right!
That way, it won't be a picture
of me by myself.
It'll be a whole lot better
if it has you in it, too!
That makes sense.
-Great idea!
-It's you!
Not again!
[AKINA]
Okay!
Shinozaki? Could you scooch
a little bit closer to Katase?
Ah!
Hm!
♪
Are you sure there's any reason
for me to get closer?
Trust me, there is!
[SHIORI] What's the matter?
Are you feeling nervous?
Kinda.
-[SHIORI laughs]
-Huh?
Well, if I'm being honest,
I guess
I'm a little nervous too.
[SHINOZAKI]
Does that mean?
[AKINA]
Here we go!
Ready? Say cheese!
How's that?
It turned out really nice,
thank you!
[SHINOZAKI]
I took a photo with Senpai
standing right next to me!
Sorry if I'm interrupting, but
what are you guys doing in here?
[SHIORI]
Hayakawa!
You're just in time. Let's all
take a nice photo together!
Why, though?
And you get in here, too,
Manager!
I would love to!
I'll use the five second timer!
-[SHIORI] Okay!
-[HAYAKAWA] Huh? Wait!
-Hang on a second just!
-[AKINA] Sounds good.
[SHIORI]
Hurry up and pose, Hayakawa!
[AKINA]
Here it goes!
♪
-[cellphone chimes]
-Huh?
[YUTAKA]
A picture of Senpai?
Ah!
So my little bro finally scored
a selfie from her after all!
But why the et cetera?
[cellphone chimes]
Ah!?
They all took a group photo
without me?
I feel so left out now!
Ah!